Once we have successfully added font awesome icons Well I would also like to write away set up the favor
on matters that little like on that sitting side by side with my URL.
And as you can see on my finished project I do have my little icon.
However on the project that we're currently working well it is not displayed.
Now in order to get it first and foremost we're gonna have to look for the setup files and then later
on I'm gonna show you how in fact I created my particular one.
So in your case if you'd like to get a different one I'll just keep on watching the video.
So let's first of all head over back to the project and then within the images you're gonna notice this
favor.
Can I call all right now we would need to head over to a next HMO.
And then let's say somewhere after these styles me close the sidebar let me write Facebook on a recon
and then in this case again we're gonna have to use a link.
So we're gonna write a link and visual studio called right away.
Gives you this option for the favor.
All right.
So we do have the relationship we go with shortcut icon and then a trip is gonna have to point to our
particular file.
So Karen left course this file doesn't exist there and then we also have a type by the image and X icon.
Now what we would need to do right now is in fact fix our path where we're looking for images and then
we're looking for this favor Can I call.
And then I can see clearly here all the way on the top that I successfully added My icon.
So let me do it one more time.
Let me generate this icon one more time just so we can maybe get your custom one for your particular
project.
So let me open up new browser window and let me type a vehicle on a record and it's not going to be
C.C. and fact I'm going to use not the favorite on generator.
I think I use this one the favorite can't iPhone let's open this in a new browser tab and then we have
multiple options we can generate from damage image but I went with text.
So just click on the text.
Let's change this.
Let's say not the F letter but I'm going to go with D.
Why don't we go for different background color as well as you can see everything is customizable.
So if I'm gonna go with orange of course my fave kind is going to be orange and then that's it.
We just need to download it.
We're gonna download the zip folder.
Again let me head over back to my downloads and then within the downloads.
Let's look for our favorite song.
And then within the favorite one we do have the folder.
And as you can see you have multiple options available.
But I just went with this one with Favre can I call.
So if you're just going to drag and drop this particular icon into.
In fact your images.
Well now in fact you're gonna be able to use the icon that you just created.
So that's how we can create the favorite gone as well as this is that we can add it to our project.